In this video, we're going to explore the HDRP pipeline asset and how you can use that to adjust settings inside of your HDRP project. To access the current pipeline asset, we can go to edit, project settings, and inside of the graphics tab here, we can set the default render pipeline asset. This is going to be the default asset that is used if you do not assign individual pipelines inside of the quality tab. So you can see here we have all of these different quality levels. We have high fidelity, balanced and performant, and each has a slot for a render pipeline asset. So you can customize the settings of your project based on the quality level that you would like. So for example, let's say that the high fidelity quality level here has a render pipeline asset with ray tracing enabled. Whereas the performant level has a different pipeline asset with ray tracing disabled. However, if a quality level does not have a render pipeline asset assigned and we have that quality level selected, it's going to fall back on this pipeline asset here. We can select this asset inside of our assets tab by clicking the pipeline asset, and then we will be directed to the folder with the asset itself. So here we have our HD render pipeline asset, as well as some global settings and some default volumes. We can create a new pipeline asset by right clicking, create, rendering, and then select HDRP asset. I'm going to select this and call this high fidelity. I'm going to command D to duplicate this and name this performant. And I'm going to command D and name this balanced. And now I can go into edit, project settings, quality, and assign all of my assets to these quality levels. So I'm going to start with high fidelity and we'll see it right here. I'm going to repeat this step with balanced. And I'm also going to repeat this step with performant. And for now I'm just going to leave my project on balanced. And let's select the balanced HD render pipeline asset. Inside of a pipeline asset, we can see all of these settings that have to do with rendering, lighting, materials, post processing, volumes, XR, and virtual texturing. We're going to go over a lot of these features in this course. We're not going to have time to go through all of these settings here, but there are a couple of settings that we are going to look at. We have some settings to enable ray tracing, enable the GPU resident drawer, which can help speed up the performance of your game by drawing more frames on the GPU. We can enable decals inside of our game, enable dynamic resolution, which allows you to use upscaling to boost the frame rate of your game. We can enable water as well as some other settings here. For lighting, we can make sure that volumetric fog is enabled, as well as making sure our light probe system is on adaptive probe volumes. Making sure that screen space reflections is enabled, since we're going to be using that later. As well as enabling screen space shadows, and we can also go through and adjust some of these other settings as well. Now these are settings that are going to be specific to just this render pipeline asset. So for example, if you wanted to turn off screen spacing ambient occlusion or screen space global illumination on this asset, but you want that enabled for your high fidelity asset, you can do that as well. The HD render pipeline global settings asset is going to allow you to change the default settings of your project. More specifically, you can change all of these settings inside of the volume here. So we can change settings with the exposure, with fog, the visual environment such as the sky type, and more. I'm going to close out of this window. Before I forget, let me also enable ray tracing inside of this project, since we are going to be exploring ray tracing. However, do be aware that for this course, in order to be able to use ray tracing, you must be on a device that supports ray tracing. Such as DirectX 12 devices, which would be a Windows computer, a PlayStation 5, or an Xbox Series X. You may not be able to see the results of that ray tracing. You can still implement them, but Unity won't be able to render it. In the next video, we're going to talk about volume profiles and how we can use that to adjust the settings of our render pipeline asset even more.